they were all minute kids in this
videos are here today as predicted for
present the bird but the gtv 430 that
of bigboss mode the fact giulia came out
a few days ago I saw that anyway
had made quite a few decided downloads
to give us an eye as always also
because they are their partners and it seems to me that
just respectful of them from
always keep an eye on them
works
then how how fashion is very nice me
liked it is the first time that
sincerely I see this model I speak
bergman weight point here because of
how tandem you want to call them are
come out in the 13 if you remember I had
presented the peak in the cargo tronic is
that four aces that was abnormal e
that on which is not bad beautiful I like ha
also looked at some photos as always
in reality it was very respectful
in detail how texture level I would have
something to say but still okay and
graphic heaviness is indeed
practically zero
I have not found any kind of
problem but the operation is good
as an additional feature the possibility
to pull the towel which we will then go to
see and also the possibility of moving
the pipe here with the mouse we will see point
the various and various movements and everything and
enough for rest no waffles like
you see that anyway it starts already at
dirtying is long enough though
because he used an hour and just
just get your wheels dirty and that's it
capacity holds 30 a moment 30 38.500
see here the supported cultures are the
default is practically barley corn rape
wheat and that's it here is this too
the tip side that you can practically do
downloading directly to gays does it
like a pipe and like a rhythm
here you can download directly to
point on triggers those at home for i
silos that the utilitarian also unload
there if you want to do little work for them
dead but yes yes we are also a
unreal but okay and that's it
as for the rest it is not there
now let's go attack it like this
finish talking a little without doing
anything
my mom I'm 4 here as a start up
even this mom mom that rob is ok
here it is then then at this point that it does not
you have hooked it you have the chance
left mouse click on these
come by lucky right button you have
the possibility of raising and lowering the
rudder but you see that clear pistons
hydraulic at the beginning then with the key
hicks lanford pipe network and practically
opening of the timing unloading auger
good opening
you have the possibility to move
the pipe and practices the whole arm
holding down the left button of the
mouse and moving left you have right
the ability to raise and lower e
you move up and down practically
the angle of the dl we say of the extension
here of the pipe that you can precisely
put it government it seems you liked it
even the idea I don't know if in reality
anyway I move like this but I really think
yes it is very much for in a1 move
look very beautiful
and enough with the annie end button you will have
the possibility of closing the cover
I am here even if I would prefer the
covers that are practically flowing
type with handles where right up here
a single stroke not only beautiful a
see when you pull the net you are
move from the side here and go over the rump
good perfect let's load
but I'm on the bank
bad yesterday he affixed
makes us
the play is good enough it fills up and
it fills well it did a good job
as display cases
it's not bad at all
let's download here
just as I repeat it instead
well done it lets itself be transported well
watch out for pure speed as on
bossini
I am less as big as it is
ok at this point you are under can
move with the pipe what
you want to see that you can go right
below and just with the key b started e
unloading
I was a bit disappointed that there is the
lack of a cochlea sound at the point
in the moment of unloading a little a flaw
neither brave nor particle of the room team
perfect good
I ca n't find the study cabin
perfect
ok let's join here
hola well ok I finish the boys here
there is nothing else to say I hope I have said
everything must have said everything anyway
forgot what let me know how
always smi will refuse fashion
presentation now coming soon
will always be present with good videos
etc. and expect to call that yes
come out some way next week there
I'm also there is also the second set
of cs z put seems to be Tuesday a
noon, I think I went in anyway
facebook on the mode passion page
the event will be the presentation is
maybe my video preview
so no kids i'll leave you
I wish you happy holidays who is on holiday
I will be the sea some days these china
just the next few days anyway
I will already prepare all the work so not
you will miss anything no budget like
always also description and nothing there
we see
we will meet again soon
video bye bye